I don't know if I'd call myself a data scientist,
but actually I work a lot with data scientist and also build tools for data scientists.
I work in the Watson Data and AI group.
I'd been at this lab since 2001,
and been working in the field of data management, databases,
and unstructured data with content management and now with AI.
As a field of analytics has evolved and then the area of
data science is obviously becoming way more
important and prominent and all the skills to go with it.
IBM the type of skills that we look for, obviously,
having a lot of data science skills and analytical skills.
People that also have an understanding of some of the business,
and maybe some of the industries,
is also very helpful.
So they can work with business analysts and product managers.
The other part is not just a data science skills,
but it has some programming skills that help integrate into an application,
and even understanding the architectures of artificial intelligence and data science,
and how the whole data and models all flow together.
So people that have combinations of those skills are really valuable.
I think that's really a key part of this whole thing,
having somebody that's both knows the science,
but also is curious and wants to apply it,
and is willing to learn the contexts of the original problem.
So I'm really excited that these online courses,
people can get educated,
and you really educate people that have been in
traditional fields to re-learn these new skills,
because these are the skills that we need now.